***********File List************

1.generateGraph.h          A head file contains the class and functions used for generating 2 graphs

2.heapsort.h 	           A head file contains heap structure,as well as max, delete and insert functions

3.Kruscal.h                A head file contains maxbandwidth algorithm which based on kruskal algorithm.

4.MaxBD.h                  A head file that is related to Dijsktra's algorithm without using heap sort.

5.MaxBDwithHeap.h 	   A head file contains	Dijsktra's algorithm based on heap sort.

6.mainfunction.cpp	   A cpp source code which is used for main function and test.

7.projectNew.exe           An executable file which would show the result of algorithms.

***********Supplement************

1.Source and terminal vertex are generated randomly,and the initialization of graphs may take 3 seconds.

2.When you are running the executable file,the output would be paths (from terminal to source) for different algorithm.
  (1)G1's Dijsktra
  (2)G2's Dijsktra
  (3)G1's Dijsktra(heap)
  (4)G2's Dijsktra(heap)
  (5)G1's Kruskal
  (6)G2's Kruskal(This may take 50 seconds, so please be waiting for the result)

3.Since there is the possibility that many edges share the same weight and vertices,the path generated by different algorithm may not be the exactly same. However, the paths for the same graph and same (s,t) are sharing the same maximal bandwidth.

***********Usage************          

The executable file is built based on Visual studio 2015. 
If you have any trouble running this executable file, please let me know.

								Name: Chen Chen
								UIN: 625008676
								Email: cc02_15-@tamu.edu
